[RUM 6317] Add documentation for view context feature (#25412)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/advanced_configuration.md

   - View Name: Defaults to the page URL path.
   - Service: Defaults to the default service specified when creating your RUM application.
   - Version: Defaults to the default version specified when creating your RUM application.

>    - Context: Starting with [version 5.28.0][21], you can add context to view and view children events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Context: Starting with [version 5.28.0][21], you can add context to views and the child events of views.
```

   {{% tab "NPM" %}}
   ```javascript
   datadogRum.startView({
    name: 'checkout',
    service: 'purchase',
    version: '1.2.3',
    context: {
      team: 'payment'
    },
   })
   ```

   {{% /tab %}}
   {{% tab "CDN async" %}}
   ```javascript
   window.DD_RUM.onReady(function() {
      window.DD_RUM.startView({
        name: 'checkout',
        service: 'purchase',
        version: '1.2.3',
        context: {

>           team: 'payment'

Reviewer 2: <!-- Suggestions are specific requests to improve the subject under review. It is assumed that we all want to do what's best, so these comments are never dismissed as “mere suggestions”, but are taken seriously.  -->
**💬 suggestion:** `‏team` is specific a concept in Datadog. I think we should another example: Maybe
```
context: {
          payment: 'Done'
```

Author: Changed it to this ⬆️

|   `error.stack `        |   String  |   The stack trace or complementary information about the error.                                     |
|   `error.resource.url`  |   String  |   The resource URL that triggered the error.                                                        |
|   `resource.url`        |   String  |   The resource URL.                                                                                 |

> |   `context`        |   Object  |   Attributes added with the [Global Context API](#global-context), then [View Context API](#view-context) or when generating events manually (for example, `addError` and **`addAction`**).                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   `context`        |   Object  |   Attributes added with the [Global Context API](#global-context), the [View Context API](#view-context), or when generating events manually (for example, `addError` and **`addAction`**).                                                                                 |
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## View context

> Starting with [version 5.28.0][21], the contexts of view events are modifiable. The context adds to the current view only and populate its children events (such as `action`, `error` and `timing`) with `startView`, `setViewContext` and `setViewContextProperty`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with [version 5.28.0][21], the context of view events is modifiable. Context can be added to the current view only, and populates its child events (such as `action`, `error`, and `timing`) with `startView`, `setViewContext`, and `setViewContextProperty` functions.
```

Reviewer: Attempted to clarify this sentence, let me know if any of the suggestions above are inaccurate.

### Start view with context

> Optionally define the context while starting view with [`startView` options](#override-default-rum-view-names).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally define the context while starting a view with [`startView` options](#override-default-rum-view-names).
```

### Add view context

> Enrich or modify the context of RUM view events and corresponding children events with  `setViewContextProperty(key: string, value: any)` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enrich or modify the context of RUM view events and corresponding child events with the `setViewContextProperty(key: string, value: any)` API.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "NPM" %}}
```javascript
import { datadogRum } from '@datadog/browser-rum';

datadogRum.setViewContextProperty('<CONTEXT_KEY>', '<CONTEXT_VALUE>');

// Code example
datadogRum.setViewContextProperty('activity', {
    hasPaid: true,
    amount: 23.42
});
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "CDN async" %}}
```javascript
window.DD_RUM.onReady(function() {
    window.DD_RUM.setViewContextProperty('<CONTEXT_KEY>', '<CONTEXT_VALUE>');
})

// Code example
window.DD_RUM.onReady(function() {
    window.DD_RUM.setViewContextProperty('activity', {
        hasPaid: true,
        amount: 23.42
    });
})
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "CDN sync" %}}
```javascript
window.DD_RUM && window.DD_RUM.setViewContextProperty('<CONTEXT_KEY>', '<CONTEXT_VALUE>');

// Code example
window.DD_RUM && window.DD_RUM.setViewContextProperty('activity', {
    hasPaid: true,
    amount: 23.42
});
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Replace view context

> Replace the context of your RUM view events and corresponding children events with `setViewContext(context: Context)` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the context of your RUM view events and corresponding child events with `setViewContext(context: Context)` API.
```

[17]: https://github.com/DataDog/browser-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v4130
[18]: /data_security/real_user_monitoring/#browser-rum-use-of-cookies
[19]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage

> [20]: /real_user_monitoring/browser/advanced_configuration/?tab=npm#override-default-rum-view-names

Reviewer: It looks like this link (`[20]`) didn't get added anywhere. Was it meant to be added somewhere?

Author: I removed this link and updated the other one.
